♪♪
♪ KNEW HE WAS A KILLER ♪
♪ FIRST TIME
THAT I SAW HIM ♪
♪ WONDER HOW MANY GIRLS HE
HAD LOVED AND LEFT HAUNTED ♪
♪ BUT IF HE'S
A GHOST, THEN ♪
♪ I CAN BE A PHANTOM ♪
♪ HOLDIN' HIM
FOR RANSOM, SOME ♪
♪ SOME BOYS ARE
TRYIN' TOO HARD, ♪
♪ HE DON'T TRY
AT ALL THOUGH ♪
♪ YOUNGER THAN MY EXES, ♪
♪ BUT HE ACT
LIKE SUCH A MAN, SO ♪
♪ I SEE NOTHING BETTER, ♪
♪ I KEEP HIM FOREVER ♪
♪ LIKE A VENDETTA-TA ♪
♪ I, I, I SEE HOW
THIS IS GON' GO ♪
♪ TOUCH ME ♪
♪ AND YOU'LL
NEVER BE ALONE ♪
♪ I-ISLAND BREEZE ♪
♪ AND LIGHTS DOWN LOW ♪
♪ NO ONE HAS TO KNOW ♪
♪ IN THE
MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT ♪
♪ IN MY DREAMS ♪
♪ YOU SHOULD SEE
THE THINGS WE DO ♪
♪ BABY ♪
♪ IN THE MIDDLE
OF THE NIGHT, ♪
♪ IN MY DREAMS ♪
♪ I KNOW I'M
GONNA BE WITH YOU ♪
♪ SO I TAKE MY TIME ♪
♪ ARE YOU READY FOR IT? ♪
♪♪
♪ KNEW I WAS A ROBBER ♪
♪ FIRST TIME
THAT HE SAW ME ♪
♪ STEALING HEARTS
AND RUNNING OFF ♪
♪ AND NEVER SAYIN' SORRY ♪
♪ BUT IF I'M A THIEF, ♪
♪ THEN HE CAN
JOIN THE HEIST, AND ♪
♪ WE'LL MOVE TO
AN ISLAND, AND ♪
♪ AND HE CAN BE MY JAILER ♪
♪ BURTON TO THIS TAYLOR ♪
♪ EVERY LOVE I'VE KNOWN
IN COMPARISON IS A FAILURE ♪
♪ I FORGET THEIR NAMES NOW ♪
♪ I'M SO VERY TAME NOW ♪
♪ NEVER BE THE
SAME NOW, NOW ♪
♪ I, I, I SEE HOW
THIS IS GON' GO ♪
♪ TOUCH ME ♪
♪ AND YOU'LL
NEVER BE ALONE ♪
♪ I-ISLAND BREEZE ♪
♪ AND LIGHTS DOWN LOW ♪
♪ NO ONE HAS TO KNOW ♪
♪ IN THE
MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT ♪
♪ IN MY DREAMS ♪
♪ YOU SHOULD SEE
THE THINGS WE DO ♪
♪ BABY ♪
♪ IN THE
MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT ♪
♪ IN MY DREAMS ♪
♪ I KNOW I'M
GONNA BE WITH YOU ♪
♪ SO I TAKE MY TIME ♪
♪ ARE YOU READY FOR IT? ♪
♪♪
♪ BABY, LET
THE GAMES BEGIN ♪
♪ LET THE GAMES BEGIN ♪
♪ BABY, LET
THE GAMES BEGIN ♪
♪ LET THE GAMES BEGIN ♪
♪ I, I, I SEE HOW
THIS IS GON' GO ♪
♪ TOUCH ME ♪
♪ AND YOU'LL
NEVER BE ALONE ♪
♪ I-ISLAND BREEZE ♪
♪ AND LIGHTS DOWN LOW ♪
♪ NO ONE HAS TO KNOW ♪
♪ IN THE
MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT ♪
♪ IN MY DREAMS ♪
♪ YOU SHOULD SEE
THE THINGS WE DO ♪
♪ BABY ♪
♪ IN THE
MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT ♪
♪ IN MY DREAMS ♪
♪ I KNOW I'M
GONNA BE WITH YOU ♪
♪ SO I TAKE MY TIME ♪
♪ IN THE
MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT ♪
♪ BABY, LET
THE GAMES BEGIN ♪
♪ LET THE GAMES BEGIN ♪
♪ ARE YOU READY FOR IT? ♪
♪ BABY, LET
THE GAMES BEGIN ♪
♪ LET THE GAMES BEGIN ♪
♪ ARE YOU READY FOR IT? ♪